Improving Episode 03 (#78)
brownsarahm/python-data-project: _episodes/03-packaging-installing.md

- "How do I use my own functions?"
- "How can I make my functions most usable for my collaborators?"
objectives:
- "Identify the components of a Python package"
- "Apply a template for packaging existing code"
- "Update the packaged project after modifying the code"
- "Install and update a local or GitHub-hosted package"
keypoints:
- "Packaged code is reusable within and across systems"
- "A Python package consists of modules"
- "Projects can be distributed in many ways and installed with a package manager"
---

## Recall: Functions

When we develop code for research, we often start by writing unorganized code in notebook cells or a script. 
Eventually, we might want to re-use the code we wrote in other contexts. In order to re-use code, it is 
helpful to organize it into functions and classes in separate `.py` files. We call these files **modules**, and will
soon go into more detail about them. Whenever we refer to a **module** in Python, we can think of it as

> as `.py` file that has a bunch of functions (and other objects) in them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as `.py` file that has other code, typically functions or other objects, in it.
```

~~~
{: .language-python}

Even if the `__init__.py` file is empty, its existence indicates to Python that we can import names
from that package. However, by adding import code to it, we can make our package easier to use.
Add the following code to the init file:

> ~~~

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```
````

a previous contributor used the `~`,  but i think it will remain more compatible if we swithc them to backticks more consistently

Author: Noted, I ran a find and replace on the file (a393a08) and will keep that in mind for future PRs.

from .temperature import fahr_to_celsius
from .speed import kph_to_ms
~~~
{: .language-python}

> The `.` before the `temperature` and `speed` mean that they refer to local modules, that is,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `.` before the `temperature` and `speed` means that they refer to local modules, that is,
```
